How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I can see the typo

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Use version control system

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros : Git is good for tracking the program history, but Google docs is not.

    con : Git needs programmer to submit manully, but Google docs is automatically.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    For program, it is usually modifing multiple files in a time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Not now.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Having history can check what is going on. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Program tracking.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

	Pros : We will know what we have down.

	cons : It takes time to update files manually.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Saving multiple files in one commit is easier to understand tha whole page of modification.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Following the instruction to do it.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	It is easy to find bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	Trying the previous class materials.